I am someone that does a fair amount of hiring, so I will throw in my $0.02.

From my perspective, if I am hiring a lower end, or entry level job, I am not as concerned. Typically those are jobs that can be learned in a short amount of time, so they are easily replaceable. If you leave, don't show up, etc., I could have someone else doing it by lunch tomorrow.

The higher up the ranks you go, the less I like to see job hopping. If there is one or two in a short period of time, I am less concerned - mistakes happen, especially if there is some longer stints in there to show that there is some level of commitment or the other may have been a fluke. The higher up the position, typically there is more responsibility, and more is expected of you. It can take months of training before someone is completely carrying their own weight. If you have a history of changing jobs every 8-15 months, it doesn't make sense as a business to spend 2-4 months training you to be self sufficient, and 9-12 months to get pretty good at it, just to have you leave. At that point, I trained you for someone else, and you likely cost the company money, which isn't the goal.

When looking at a resume, especially for anything above the entry level jobs, I like to see some progression - thought process put into the career path. If you went from working at the garden center, to selling cell phones, to a warehouse distribution center, etc. and all are short term, then I am going to assume that you are doing nothing but chasing the next dollar an hour, rather than putting some effort into learning to do something well, which is important for most seeking long term career growth. That is typically seen as very short sighted and a red flag. Rather than getting good at something, if the store next door puts up a help wanted sign and pays a quarter more an hour, I know where you are probably headed.

Now, if you were a sales assistant for 8 months, then moved into a junior sales role for two years, then left the company for a senior sales position for 12 months, then left the company to become a sales manager, then even though there is some shorter term jobs in there, I can see the progression that you are making and why you are doing what you are doing. You are advancing in roles, responsibility, and I will assume pay.

There really isn't a one size fits all answer, and I could keep going, but that is generally what the thought process is.
